Simplify adding new data distributions (#12)
hpi-epic/gpucsl: docs/examples/README.md

> All files in this files are executable from the projects main directory. 
> For the examples to work it is assumed that a data directory exitst in the projects main directory and it contains `alarm/alarm.csv` and `coolingData/coolingData.csv`.
> (To get the data files execute the `download-data.sh` script from the scripts folder)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All examples in these files are executable from the project main directory. 
For the examples to work it is assumed that the `data` directory exists in the project's main directory and it contains `alarm/alarm.csv` and `coolingData/coolingData.csv`.
(To get the data files execute the `download-data.sh` script from the scripts folder - see `download-data.sh` section in `README.md` in the top directory for details)
```
